Docs: Components cleanup (#5987)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-vector-stores.md

This component implements a Vector Store using Astra DB with search capabilities.

> For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/tutorials/graph-rag.html).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/create-database.html).
```

| vector_store | Vector Store | Built Astra DB vector store |
| search_results | Search Results | Results of the similarity search as a list of Data objects |

## AstraDB Graph vector store

> This component implements a Vector Store using AstraDB with graph capabilities.

Author: For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/tutorials/graph-rag.html).

> For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-vector/docs/vector-overview.html).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/tutorials/graph-rag.html).
```

> For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/tutorials/graph-rag.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Astra DB Serverless documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/tutorials/graph-rag.html).
```

| ingest_data | Ingest Data | Data to be ingested into the vector store |
| namespace | Namespace | Optional namespace within AstraDB to use for the collection |
| embedding | Embedding Model | Embedding model to use |
| metric | Metric | Distance metric for vector comparisons (options: "cosine", "euclidean", "dot_product") |
| setup_mode | Setup Mode | Configuration mode for setting up the vector store (options: "Sync", "Async", "Off") |
| pre_delete_collection | Pre Delete Collection | Boolean flag to determine whether to delete the collection before creating a new one |
| number_of_results | Number of Results | Number of results to return in similarity search (default: 4) |
| search_type | Search Type | Search type to use (options: "Similarity", "Graph Traversal", "Hybrid") |
| traversal_depth | Traversal Depth | Maximum depth for graph traversal searches (default: 1) |
| search_score_threshold | Search Score Threshold | Minimum similarity score threshold for search results |
| search_filter | Search Metadata Filter | Optional dictionary of filters to apply to the search query |

### Outputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|

> | vector_store | Vector Store | Built AstraDB Graph vector store |

Reviewer: I don't understand the third column. Is it the name of an AstraDB graph vector store that has been built? It's not clear.
